docs/index.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scale Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# scale Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "scale" {
  host        = "https://scale-host-url"
  username    = "scale-username"
  password    = "scale-password"
  auth_method = "local"
  timeout     = 60.0

  # These credentials are all optional and can also be set as environment variables
  # SC_HOST=https://scale-host-url
  # SC_USERNAME=scale-username
  # SC_PASSWORD=scale-password
  # SC_AUTH_METHOD=local
  # SC_TIMEOUT=60.0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auth_method` (String) Scale Computing authentication method; can also be set with `SC_AUTH_METHOD` environment variable. It can be set to `oidc` or `local` (default).
- `host` (String) Scale Computing host URI; can also be set with `SC_HOST` environment variable.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Scale Computing password; can also be set with `SC_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `timeout` (Number) Scale Computing request timeout; can also be set with `SC_TIMEOUT` environment variable. Default is set to `60.0` seconds.
- `username` (String, Sensitive) Scale Computing username; can also be set with `SC_USERNAME` environment variable.

Commit message:

Rename scale provider to hypercore (#37)
* Rename scale provider to hypercore

* Update docs with rename

* Replace last Scale string

Signed-off-by: Justin Cinkelj <justin.cinkelj@xlab.si>

---------

Signed-off-by: Justin Cinkelj <justin.cinkelj@xlab.si>
Co-authored-by: Justin Cinkelj <justin.cinkelj@xlab.si>

docs/index.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hypercore Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# hypercore Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "hypercore" {
  host        = "https://hypercore-host-url"
  username    = "hypercore-username"
  password    = "hypercore-password"
  auth_method = "local"
  timeout     = 60.0

  # These credentials are all optional and can also be set as environment variables
  # HC_HOST=https://hypercore-host-url
  # HC_USERNAME=hypercore-username
  # HC_PASSWORD=hypercore-password
  # HC_AUTH_METHOD=local
  # HC_TIMEOUT=60.0
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auth_method` (String) Hypercore Computing authentication method; can also be set with `HC_AUTH_METHOD` environment variable. It can be set to `oidc` or `local` (default).
- `host` (String) Hypercore Computing host URI; can also be set with `HC_HOST` environment variable.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Hypercore Computing password; can also be set with `HC_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `timeout` (Number) Hypercore Computing request timeout; can also be set with `HC_TIMEOUT` environment variable. Default is set to `60.0` seconds.
- `username` (String, Sensitive) Hypercore Computing username; can also be set with `HC_USERNAME` environment variable.
