docs/resources/disk.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scale_disk Resource - scale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Scale disk resource to manage VM disks. To use this resource, it's recommended to set the environment variable TF_CLI_ARGS_apply="-parallelism=1" or pass the -parallelism parameter to the terraform apply.
---

# scale_disk (Resource)

Scale disk resource to manage VM disks. <br><br>To use this resource, it's recommended to set the environment variable `TF_CLI_ARGS_apply="-parallelism=1"` or pass the `-parallelism` parameter to the `terraform apply`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
locals {
  vm_name = "myvm"
}

data "scale_vm" "diskvm" {
  name = local.vm_name
}

resource "scale_disk" "disk_cloned" {
  vm_uuid = data.scale_vm.diskvm.vms.0.uuid
  type    = "VIRTIO_DISK"
  size    = 47.2
}

resource "scale_disk" "disk_newly_created" {
  vm_uuid = data.scale_vm.diskvm.vms.0.uuid
  type    = "IDE_DISK"
  size    = 3.0
}

output "diskvm_uuid" {
  value = data.scale_vm.diskvm.vms.0.uuid
}

# an existing disk state can also be import to then modify
import {
  to = scale_disk.disk_cloned

  # import id consists of three parts: vm_uuid:disk_type:disk_slot
  id = format("%s:%s:%d", data.scale_vm.diskvm.vms.0.uuid, "VIRTIO_DISK", 1)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vm_uuid` (String) VM UUID.

### Optional

- `size` (Number) Disk size in `GB`. Must be larger than the current size of the disk if specified.
- `source_virtual_disk_id` (String) UUID of the virtual disk to use to clone and attach to the VM.
- `type` (String) Disk type. Can be: `IDE_DISK`, `SCSI_DISK`, `VIRTIO_DISK`, `IDE_FLOPPY`, `NVRAM`, `VTPM`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Disk identifier
- `slot` (Number) Disk slot number. Will not do anything if the disk already exists, since HC3 doesn't change disk slots to existing disks.

Commit message:

Rename scale provider to hypercore (#37)
* Rename scale provider to hypercore

* Update docs with rename

* Replace last Scale string

Signed-off-by: Justin Cinkelj <justin.cinkelj@xlab.si>

---------

Signed-off-by: Justin Cinkelj <justin.cinkelj@xlab.si>
Co-authored-by: Justin Cinkelj <justin.cinkelj@xlab.si>

docs/resources/disk.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hypercore_disk Resource - hypercore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Hypercore disk resource to manage VM disks. To use this resource, it's recommended to set the environment variable TF_CLI_ARGS_apply="-parallelism=1" or pass the -parallelism parameter to the terraform apply.
---

# hypercore_disk (Resource)

Hypercore disk resource to manage VM disks. <br><br>To use this resource, it's recommended to set the environment variable `TF_CLI_ARGS_apply="-parallelism=1"` or pass the `-parallelism` parameter to the `terraform apply`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
locals {
  vm_name = "myvm"
}

data "hypercore_vm" "diskvm" {
  name = local.vm_name
}

resource "hypercore_disk" "disk_cloned" {
  vm_uuid = data.hypercore_vm.diskvm.vms.0.uuid
  type    = "VIRTIO_DISK"
  size    = 47.2
}

resource "hypercore_disk" "disk_newly_created" {
  vm_uuid = data.hypercore_vm.diskvm.vms.0.uuid
  type    = "IDE_DISK"
  size    = 3.0
}

output "diskvm_uuid" {
  value = data.hypercore_vm.diskvm.vms.0.uuid
}

# an existing disk state can also be import to then modify
import {
  to = hypercore_disk.disk_cloned

  # import id consists of three parts: vm_uuid:disk_type:disk_slot
  id = format("%s:%s:%d", data.hypercore_vm.diskvm.vms.0.uuid, "VIRTIO_DISK", 1)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `vm_uuid` (String) VM UUID.

### Optional

- `size` (Number) Disk size in `GB`. Must be larger than the current size of the disk if specified.
- `source_virtual_disk_id` (String) UUID of the virtual disk to use to clone and attach to the VM.
- `type` (String) Disk type. Can be: `IDE_DISK`, `SCSI_DISK`, `VIRTIO_DISK`, `IDE_FLOPPY`, `NVRAM`, `VTPM`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Disk identifier
- `slot` (Number) Disk slot number. Will not do anything if the disk already exists, since HC3 doesn't change disk slots to existing disks.
