docs/resources/nic.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "scale_nic Resource - scale"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Scale NIC resource to manage VM NICs. To use this resource, it's recommended to set the environment variable TF_CLI_ARGS_apply="-parallelism=1" or pass the -parallelism parameter to the terraform apply.
---

# scale_nic (Resource)

Scale NIC resource to manage VM NICs. <br><br>To use this resource, it's recommended to set the environment variable `TF_CLI_ARGS_apply="-parallelism=1"` or pass the `-parallelism` parameter to the `terraform apply`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
locals {
  vm_name = "myvm"
}

data "scale_vm" "nicvm" {
  name = local.vm_name
}

resource "scale_nic" "net_cloned" {
  vm_uuid = data.scale_vm.nicvm.vms.0.uuid
  vlan    = 10
  type    = "VIRTIO"
}

resource "scale_nic" "net_newly_created" {
  vm_uuid = data.scale_vm.nicvm.vms.0.uuid
  vlan    = 11
  type    = "VIRTIO"
}

output "nicvm_uuid" {
  value = data.scale_vm.nicvm.vms.0.uuid
}

# an existing NIC state can also be imported so it can then be modified
import {
  to = scale_nic.net_cloned

  # import id consists of three parts: vm_uuid:nic_type:nic_slot
  id = format("%s:%s:%d", data.scale_vm.nicvm.vms.0.uuid, "INTEL_E1000", 1)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `type` (String) NIC type. Can be: `VIRTIO`, `INTEL_E1000`, `RTL8139`
- `vlan` (Number) NIC VLAN.
- `vm_uuid` (String) VM UUID.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) NIC identifier

Commit message:

Rename scale provider to hypercore (#37)
* Rename scale provider to hypercore

* Update docs with rename

* Replace last Scale string

Signed-off-by: Justin Cinkelj <justin.cinkelj@xlab.si>

---------

Signed-off-by: Justin Cinkelj <justin.cinkelj@xlab.si>
Co-authored-by: Justin Cinkelj <justin.cinkelj@xlab.si>

docs/resources/nic.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hypercore_nic Resource - hypercore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Hypercore NIC resource to manage VM NICs. To use this resource, it's recommended to set the environment variable TF_CLI_ARGS_apply="-parallelism=1" or pass the -parallelism parameter to the terraform apply.
---

# hypercore_nic (Resource)

Hypercore NIC resource to manage VM NICs. <br><br>To use this resource, it's recommended to set the environment variable `TF_CLI_ARGS_apply="-parallelism=1"` or pass the `-parallelism` parameter to the `terraform apply`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
locals {
  vm_name = "myvm"
}

data "hypercore_vm" "nicvm" {
  name = local.vm_name
}

resource "hypercore_nic" "net_cloned" {
  vm_uuid = data.hypercore_vm.nicvm.vms.0.uuid
  vlan    = 10
  type    = "VIRTIO"
}

resource "hypercore_nic" "net_newly_created" {
  vm_uuid = data.hypercore_vm.nicvm.vms.0.uuid
  vlan    = 11
  type    = "VIRTIO"
}

output "nicvm_uuid" {
  value = data.hypercore_vm.nicvm.vms.0.uuid
}

# an existing NIC state can also be imported so it can then be modified
import {
  to = hypercore_nic.net_cloned

  # import id consists of three parts: vm_uuid:nic_type:nic_slot
  id = format("%s:%s:%d", data.hypercore_vm.nicvm.vms.0.uuid, "INTEL_E1000", 1)
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `type` (String) NIC type. Can be: `VIRTIO`, `INTEL_E1000`, `RTL8139`
- `vlan` (Number) NIC VLAN.
- `vm_uuid` (String) VM UUID.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) NIC identifier
