docs/resources/vm_power_state.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hypercore_vm_power_state Resource - hypercore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Hypercore disk resource to manage VM disks
---

# hypercore_vm_power_state (Resource)

Hypercore disk resource to manage VM disks

## Example Usage

```terraform
locals {
  vm_name                = "my-vm-to-import"
  vm_name_without_import = "my-vm-with-no-import"
}

data "hypercore_vms" "powerstatevm" {
  name = local.vm_name
}

data "hypercore_vms" "powerstatevm_no_import" {
  name = local.vm_name_without_import
}

resource "hypercore_vm_power_state" "power_state_with_no_import" {
  vm_uuid = data.hypercore_vms.powerstatevm_no_import.vms.0.uuid
  state   = "RUNNING"
}

resource "hypercore_vm_power_state" "power_state_with_import" {
  vm_uuid = data.hypercore_vms.powerstatevm.vms.0.uuid
  state   = "RUNNING" # available states are: SHUTOFF, RUNNING, PAUSED
}

output "powerstatevm_uuid" {
  value = data.hypercore_vms.powerstatevm.vms.0.uuid
}

# an existing VM's power state can be imported so it can then be modified
import {
  to = hypercore_vm_power_state.power_state_with_import

  # import id is simply the VM's UUID
  id = data.hypercore_vms.powerstatevm.vms.0.uuid
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `state` (String) Desired power state of the VM. Can be: `SHUTOFF`, `RUNNING`, `PAUSED`
- `vm_uuid` (String) VM UUID of which we want to set the power state.

### Optional

- `force_shutoff` (Boolean) Set to `true` if you want to put the VM into the `SHUTOFF` state by force. This option will only be taken into account when `state` is set to `SHUTOFF`. Default is `false`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Power state identifier

Commit message:

Optionally wait on VM to get IP address
Signed-off-by: Justin Cinkelj <justin.cinkelj@xlab.si>

docs/resources/vm_power_state.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "hypercore_vm_power_state Resource - hypercore"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Hypercore disk resource to manage VM disks
---

# hypercore_vm_power_state (Resource)

Hypercore disk resource to manage VM disks

## Example Usage

```terraform
locals {
  vm_name                = "my-vm-to-import"
  vm_name_without_import = "my-vm-with-no-import"
}

data "hypercore_vms" "powerstatevm" {
  name = local.vm_name
}

data "hypercore_vms" "powerstatevm_no_import" {
  name = local.vm_name_without_import
}

resource "hypercore_vm_power_state" "power_state_with_no_import" {
  vm_uuid = data.hypercore_vms.powerstatevm_no_import.vms.0.uuid
  state   = "RUNNING"
}

resource "hypercore_vm_power_state" "power_state_with_import" {
  vm_uuid = data.hypercore_vms.powerstatevm.vms.0.uuid
  state   = "RUNNING" # available states are: SHUTOFF, RUNNING, PAUSED
}

output "powerstatevm_uuid" {
  value = data.hypercore_vms.powerstatevm.vms.0.uuid
}

# an existing VM's power state can be imported so it can then be modified
import {
  to = hypercore_vm_power_state.power_state_with_import

  # import id is simply the VM's UUID
  id = data.hypercore_vms.powerstatevm.vms.0.uuid
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `state` (String) Desired power state of the VM. Can be: `SHUTOFF`, `RUNNING`, `PAUSED`
- `vm_uuid` (String) VM UUID of which we want to set the power state.

### Optional

- `force_shutoff` (Boolean) Set to `true` if you want to put the VM into the `SHUTOFF` state by force. This option will only be taken into account when `state` is set to `SHUTOFF`. Default is `false`.
- `wait_for_guest_net_timeout` (Number) Set to non-zero value to wait on guest OS to report guest IP address to hypervisor.<br>The guest OS needs to have guest tools installed (qemu-guest-agent).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Power state identifier
